There were some crows disassembling a bin where I was easting lunch today. It was outside my school's Senior School building, with a miniature waterfall feature out the front. More of an advanced water tap, really. The crows would do a flap-hop up into the bin, swipe a piece of rubbish flailing in the wind, and jump back to the ground to gnaw at their new prize. Beady little eyes would systematically shred each bag in turn, going from plastic outer to oily, paper inner to hunt at the fatty, oily goodness hidden within. Every so often, one of them would hop to the waterfall and have a drink.

This struck me as interesting because it almost seemed to represent our society almost too well. Here was the waterfall, mother nature supreme. Sapped dry by the incessant drain of human's advancements, it falters and becomes only a monument that we look but do not see. It sits amidst cold concrete and steel and asphalt, water splashing on hard-set rocks that will never grow smooth the way this place is spending the water budget. Big, black, heavy birds striding through the waste-strewn sidewalk, tearing into every piece of wantonly tossed rubbish, filled or not and throwing it aside for the next bird down the pecking chain to crunch into.

The torn bags and wheeling scraps of paper were still there when I walked out again. No-one came to clean it up. Maybe someone else, the paid cleaners perhaps, will pick it all up. I probably won't. The crows most certainly won't. But what about us? Who will clean up the messes of our world? No-one's paid to do that. The crows will come and go, and leave behind a massacre of it all. 

There's this episode of Rick and Morty that's to do with Two Crows. It's about Morty's exile by Rick from their outer space adventures, as Rick becomes infatuated with these two crows as his new companions. It's funny because Morty tries so desperately to trick, cajole and manipulate Rick into throwing away the crows and taking him back on as 'sidekick', all the while the crows develop as sidekicks of their own, eventually coming to the realisation with Rick that they were both in this side-kick rebound relationship. It's relevant here because there were also crows involved (or raven, or whatever).